docs: correct the type of `server.middlewareMode` (#23222)
vitejs/vite: docs/config/server-options.md

## server.middlewareMode

- **Type:** `boolean | { server: http.Server }`
- **Default:** `false`

Create Vite server in middleware mode.

- `true`: Create the Vite server in middleware mode.

> - `{ server: http.Server }`: Create the Vite server in middleware mode and attach it to the given parent server. This is needed to proxy WebSocket connections to the parent server.

Reviewer: I think we can simplify it like this so the true part doesn't duplicate.
```suggestion
If [proxy](./server-options#server-proxy) is setup for WebSocket, the `server` should be provided to bind the proxy correctly.
```

Referencing the docs from https://vite.dev/guide/api-javascript#createserver (second note block)
